[Music]
yeah I do
n't know if you have current followers on the channel
and comment on the covers
comment on this week's covers
catwoman
this cover see more the result is a little
shocking it
is very dark they have not become as
coal but the style is like I don't know or the
nightmare before christmas
the so dark one dressed in black they are
with a vote and marked more gothic not so so
black and he made a mistake
big guy 10 Diego Rivas Diego Raval
I think he was comparing him with I don't know
if they have made a comparison there with
Michael Jackson
and
between the nose it seemed very white
now it stands out with the black of the hair and
the clothes with that collar it is 8 did you find out
how he was dressed when she
always always dresses super well and well
combed and blonde
what but I say one thing the kings
doing an exclusive
if
in reality I don't think it was an
exclusive they will have taken some
photograph
to commemorate the 50 years photographs
of these officials
of the royal house and they will have spread it in
all the magazines I imagine I don't think they have
charged  for this reason the leisure that
really puts the 50
most outstanding curiosities and anecdotes of Doña Letizia
but I don't
know I don't know I don't know if we
know but we know in the country in which
we live with her minutes
unknown and if there are and that has gone through
67 filters but the front
before before jumping to fame one hundred
percent for the issue of the prince she was
already working in television and there are
many things that are there saved and
that maybe they have taken them out no now
but I don't think it puts anything
shady I have not asked for it but surely
speaking of royalty that I am seeing
that this cover is very royalty
everything
is in the queen of England
yes yes yes yes yes yes
now and now the question the question
that I ask is at 73 years old
her son takes the baton the crossing
touch him or stop or would it happen or what would you
do and would it happen to him and this boy already
Guillermo I personally personally
I would pass the baton to him in days not for
two things one because they have formed like
a super model family and have
revived the  English: English: English monarchy
that was in a cape how good to talk about
Alan from the model remember that before he
inherited the eldest son because he has gone to
live with the other one, whether they do it or not
but I mean
and
now it's Carlos's turn to
give it to the youngest son because the eldest when
marrying his friend in this having a thousand
stories
the eldest is the one with the model family
Henri a crazy head is at the end of the
game the
boy the Hendrix the boy Guillermo is
the one from the model family everything perfect
his studies as the eldest and the oldest of
being the model Nogaró it
's that
British society has not
yet forgiven those of Lady of the levels
yes yes yes it may
be but I believe that after
73 years waiting for your moment I do believe that
with a couple of years he took a
bit of the reign it's more in his moment
live a moment that the truth is to
the rules that at the time were spoken
as if they granted him the power to marry
Camila who in the end
may seem better or worse to us but but but she is
the love of his life since always
then as if they allowed him to marry
with camila
as with the condition that the day it's time to
sunbathe you cover the children it
can be green let's really what we
're talking about already laundry that has and
such and the son since he is
also of a considerable age that he can already is the
stamp I think that in fifth the son
will be 38 39 years old I think a good
date no I think he will
have left everything very well tied up and almost
the doubts that he will be the grandson
I think Carlos has assumed all his
life since he was not going to catch the
kingdom and from what you can and
inheritances and things but from reigning to
nothing kid
Emilio is right don't be surprised if there is
a new chapter in which he demands him just like he
is doing something to Raquel Mosquera that is
already in the
partition notebook to the agreement that they already reached
at the time 20 years ago that he can
demand something from the English crown
the colleague has lived in the Carlos has
lived it is
life a powerful life although he has not
been the king for that maybe he does not even
want them that is why they are responsibilities that
oblige you every day since he that
last one during the last years  The
Queen's agenda and Charles's agenda were
already linked.
[Music] The
new collaborator is that Enrique is there, with the
harness, Javier, speaking
clearly and being alone, you and I, we can
hear you. The most hollow thing is that you're
saying, I declared myself, I have him close the
door and now he's started to move the
remote and he's put it on the
62,000
[Music]